>> Mike North: So today we're gonna
be talking about Visual Studio Code.
And If you checked out the project,
this is all you need today.
There are new slides.
One of the things that we're gonna look
at as we start jumping into what this
great editor can do is
the fact that you can create
fantastic documents with this as well
that are built right into your code base.
So if you open up the docs folder and
look at the readme,
that's right inside the docs folder,
that is what we're looking at right now.
>> Mike North: So
the way that we're gonna break
this course down is we'll first
do a bunch of stuff that involves
using this editor, right?
Making use of the way it
operates out of the box.
We're gonna look at five areas
we'll deal with using for
quick auto completions of like Monday and
things, like creating HTML elements.
We'll look at creating
a markdown document,
like what we're seeing right now.
We'll jump into things like type checking,
which you can do either with TypeScript.
Or you can annotate your regular
JavaScript with special comments
that can be used to provide
Visual Studio Code with type information,
it can catch some problems before you ship
your code to production that you
would otherwise be unable to see.
And then we'll end this using its section
with some debugging that would be
pretty painful where we're using other
technologies to do this kind of stuff.
We'll basically have a multi-process
debugging session where we have
breakpoints set in the Node.js backend and
a JavaScript browser-based app.
And we'll see how we can sort of hop from
one to the other pretty much effortlessly
without leaving the single
Visual Studio Code experience.
So after we kind of become seasoned
users of Visual Studio Code,
we'll jump into ways we
can customize this editor.
And change some settings, and change the
way it looks and the way it operates, and
then wrap up the day creating our own
tasks and launch configurations, which
essentially allow us to have shortcuts
to start up different shell commands and
different ways of booting our app up,
putting environment variables in place so
that it's sort of just a one
click start my app process.